In order to have external javascript files connected to the HTML/EJS files we just need to include a regular script tag
however this time the src will be to the scripts folder within the public directory, NOTE: we do NOT need to worry about correctly having the file path I don't think

NOTE: I have deleted the other scripts directory that was not in the public directory. The only scripts that will be ran are the ones that are found in the public directly - public/scripts/<file.js>

example: <script src="scripts/standings.js"></script> - WORKS
alternatively: <script src="../scripts/<file.js>"</script> - ALSO WORKS

If I was trying to do this with just plain HTML and no backend then it would have to be <script src="../scripts/standings.js"></script>
because all of my actual EJS files are in my views folder.

Environment Variables:
    Environment variables need to be set for the username and password to the "mysportsfeed" API
    ex. 
        Set Environment Variables (console):
            
            Linux/Unix
            1. export USERNAME=<username>
            2. export PASSWORD=<password>
            
            Windows
            1. set USERNAME=<username>
            2. set PASSWORD=<password>
            
        Retrieve Environment Variables (node.js):
            1. process.env.USERNAME
            2. process.env.PASSWORD
        
Things that still need to be completed/fixed:

1. Need to change the backend so that we are looking at the date and if we have to we should be displaying information about playoff games as well.
    Also need to clean up the backend, there is a bunch of redundant code, now just call the function at the end of the file for retrieving information.
2. Since we have the date on the game.ejs page - use that date to display in the header the date before and the date afters games.
3. On the players page add a button that will always be visible on the page that will re-direct the user back to the top of the page
    the page is long with all the available players
4. Still need to add a favicon to each of the pages if possible, otherwise just use a generic NBA one - this has now been completed
5. Have the scores on the schedule page (when displaying the live scores) automatically be refreshed at some interval
    On the home page, when only one game is selected I should probably also have the interval be set there as well
    Also have the scores on an individual game also be refreshed at some interval
6. When the game is in overtime, it currently says quarter 5, but instead I want it to display which overtime it is actually in
7. Get the game Staring lineups - however often times there isn't any data that is actually being returned yet.
8. Changes still need to be made to the League Leaders page
    include a loading icon while the table is loading - quite large becausae it contains data on all available players
    
9. League Leaders Page
    Figure out if I can ge the drop-down menu working properly and having it scroll horizontally to the proper column
    Change the background color of the row on hover as well to make it more obvious which row the user is hovering over
    Still need to figure out if I can hide the table while it is loading, and then have it appear after
    There are some font awesome loading icons that I could display, but I would need to have it overlap over top of the table
    
    
MAJOR BUG:
1. When games are first starting there is still an instance that isn't being caught and games are displaying NaN for quarter and time remaining
    Futhermore, trying to view more of this game will also throw an error, I guess nothing could properly be returned from the call.
    


BUGS:

2. Rebounds and play time is messed up still - but I think that just has to do with what is being returned in the data
3. The amount of time / current quarter of games in session on home.ejs needs to be fixed - currently it is just showing undefined
4. For games in progress I need the time remaining in the game if the game isn't complete yet.
    this isn't available in gameboxscore though. --> I will need to use the game Scoreboard to find this
6. For some reason there are times when everything is being returned when trying to lookup if the game has been played, in progress or completed
    All 3 of them have the false attrinbute yet the game is complete
    For some reason it has an extra field from all of the other ones - "currentIntermission" = 4 - Maybe just check to see if this one is not null (means that the game is in progress or is completed)
    I checked if there is a currentIntermission, but more testing will need to be performed to ensure that it is working as intended.
7. Apparently with game boxscore, I can sort the order that things are being returned, maybe I can do the sorting there to sort by time played, or points scored.
8. On game.ejs if the game is not over yet, then it shouldn't say final on the last header
9. Currently I have nothing on game.ejs for checking if the game is a playoff game or not
    something within the fetchData function on the server side will have to check for this...
10. Something seems to be going wrong for games that have just started - it is displaying:
    quarter undefined, NaN: NaN - which is probably because nothing is there yet.
11. I think another problem is what is occurring between quarters, for example in between the third and fourth 
    quarter - the game scoreboard is being shown as undefined, NaN: NaN
12. The current progress of the game on the game page is still not showing correctly.
    even if the game is still in progress, things are being returned as NaN - but I think this is between...
    probably need to check what the currentIntermission is and determine from there what should be presented.


